A group of people was huddled up in a
dark room.
The atmosphere was thick with tension,
like they were hiding out.
At the same time, there was so much
commotion that many feared getting caught
with their hands in the cookie jar.
Things were rough back home, so they had
a major fork in the road.
Stick around and keep grinding for a
better life, or pack up and roll the dice
elsewhere, hoping for a better shot.
Everyone was on board with the idea of
leaving, even though it was a real tough call.
The next snag was picking which country
to head to.
Some were itching to hit up Italy because
they figured Italian would be a breeze to
pick up.
Others had their eyes on Australia,
thinking they could lay low in the
jungles without anyone catching on.
And a few were gunning for the United
States, since it's the so -called world's
leading power and land of the free.
This crew of about 400 people huddled up
to hash things out.
Australia got the boot first because it
was on the far side of the planet, and
they'd have to sail forever.
That left only two choices, Italy and the
United States.
They took a vote, and the result was a landslide.